chore: add failed to decrypt kb (#313)
telerik/report-server-docs: knowledge-base/failed-to-decrypt-data-connection-backup-encryption-key.md

The Report Server application inherits environment variables from the parent process. Because the stale keys from the previous installation exist at the `.DEFAULT` registry level, the application detects them instead of recognizing that the current user is missing valid keys. As a result, the Report Server attempts to decrypt data connections with the outdated keys and fails. The expected redirect to the **Override Encryption Keys** page does not occur because the application does not identify the keys as missing.

The Report Server application runs with limited permissions and cannot delete the stale environment variables from the `.DEFAULT` registry hive on its own. An application pool recycle does not resolve the issue because the stale variables continue to be inherited.

## Solution

> To work around this issue, manually delete the stale encryption key environment variables from the default user registry hive:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To resolve this issue, manually delete the stale encryption key environment variables from the default user registry hive:
```

1. Open **Registry Editor** (`regedit`) on the server machine with administrator privileges.
1. Navigate to the following registry path:

   `Computer\HKEY_USERS\.DEFAULT\Environment`

   ![The default user's environment variables loaded in the Registry Editor GUI](./images/default-user-env-encryption-keys.png)

1. Locate and delete the following environment variables:
   - `RS_NET_MainPrivateKey`
   - `RS_NET_BackupPrivateKey`

> 1. Run an IIS reset by opening an elevated command prompt and executing:

Reviewer: Maybe we should change it to "with administrator privileges"? I was not sure what "elevated" meant here and had to google it.

Also, are the administrator privileges actually required? I recall executing `iisreset` manually, but don't remember having to call it with administrator privileges in order for it to take effect (could be mistaken here). Same for the `regedit` changes.

   ```bash
   iisreset
   ```

1. Open the Report Server in a browser and log in. The application navigates you to the **Override Encryption Keys** page.
1. Follow the on-screen instructions to reset the encryption keys.

> > important After resetting the encryption keys, all previously encrypted data connections must be re-entered because the old encrypted values cannot be decrypted with the new keys.

Reviewer: If the user has their encryption keys stored somewhere, can't they re-upload them without having to reset the data connections?

Author: The wording here was a bit misleading because there is indeed a "Reset" option in the RS UI. They should overwrite the keys. I have updated the article to say that clearly.

## Notes

> This issue is specific to IIS-hosted (Windows) installations of the Report Server for .NET. It does not affect the **Report Server for .NET Framework** edition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This issue is specific to IIS-hosted (Windows) installations of the Report Server for .NET. It does not affect **Report Server for .NET Framework** installations.
```
